God Bless the Rebellion
One battle settles the world
God bless me, I want to ask the enemy army to settle the world in one battle
God bless me, I want the uprising army to fight and settle the world
One battle settles the world
Where will the city be?
Come out and die
I wait for the insurgent army to break through
United the 13th Army of the Lower Rakshasa Kingdom
Quick surrender
Lest you die easily
The commander doesn't know anything?
The imperial teacher has ordered
When you see the Great Commander, open the door immediately to welcome you
He is waiting at the National Teachers' Mansion
What are you up to?
Why don't you fight with real swords and real guns?
The commander joked
The life of a master is heaven
The city gate is now open
I'll go first
Light it up
All soldiers disarmed
Welcome the commander into the city
Liang, what do you think?
Ouch, what about the child?
See the tricks
Let's see what medicine he sells in his gourd
As long as you are there
Whether it is Longtan or Tiger's Den
I dare to break through